You are getting bigger and bigger
He actually said that the blue dream is yours
As you said
This diamond
The owner of this store borrowed it from you
Right? Sorry, Li Sheng.
Our boss said that this blue dream
I really can't sell it to you.
What!
Does your boss not even give our Li family face?
Where did the Li family get the face? What did you say?
Please invite the boss out and tell him.
Say the master of the blue dream is here
You can sell that blue dream to Mr. Li
He's not someone we can afford to mess with
Offended the Li family
Then our future business in Beihai
Can't do it
If you can't do it, don't do it.
It's a big deal to offend the Li family and leave Beihai
But to sell that diamond
I'm afraid all of our family will die.
Who is the owner?
Oh this blue dream
I paid a lot of money.
It was borrowed from an elder of Wuji Dian
Wuji Electric is the top organization in the world
A finger can blow us up.
Haha, why are you here again?
Didn't I ask you to tell Mr. Li?
I won't sell it no matter how much he offers
boss
Someone outside said it was the owner of Blue Dream
Please go out
Is he the big guy?
Hurry up and take me to see you